feat: add docs about relationships usage (#114)
snaplet/docs: pages/seed/getting-started/data-connection.mdx

  // Use the workspace and workspace_member objects to create more complex relationships
  for (const w of workspace) {
    // Retrieve all members for this specific workspace
    const workspace_members = workspace_member.filter((m) => m.workspace_id === w.id);
    // Pick between 1 and the number of workspace members to be channel members
    const channel_users = copycat.someOf(w.id, [1, workspace_members.length], workspace_members).map((m) => ({ id: m.user_id }));
    // Create between 1 and 10 channels for this workspace
    await seed.channel((x) => x({ min: 1, max: 10 }, () => ({
      // Add all channel users as members of the current channel
      channel_member: (x) => x(channel_users.length),
      // Create between 1 and 10 threads for each channel
      channel_thread: (x) => x({ min: 1, max: 10 }, ({
        // Create between 0 and 10 messages for each thread
        channel_thread_message: (x) => x({ min: 0, max: 10 })
      }))
    }), {
      connect: { 
        // Connect all channels to the current workspace
        workspace: [w],
        // Connect all channel users to the pool of users for this channel
        users: channel_users
      }
    }));
  }
```

> Now, we can generate more workspaces that match our constraints by adjusting one variable.

Reviewer: I didn't follow this part here. Is it referring to the `seed.workspace((x) => x(1, ...`, which can be adjusted to something else by changing `1` to something else?

Author: Yes, maybe I'll extract this into a named variable like `workspacesNumber = 1` so it's easier to connect the dots 🤔

      workspace_user_type
    }
  });
```

Adding this global connect at the beginning of our script ensures all our workspace_members have either the "admin" or "member" role.

### Field connect

Sometimes, you need precise control over connections for each row. For example, we might want only one "admin" per workspace, with the rest being "members". We can implement this logic via field connections:

```ts
  const { workspace_user_type } = await baseClient.workspace_user_type([{ type: "admin" }, { type: "member" }]);

  const seed = await createSeedClient({
    connect: {
      workspace_user_type
    }
  });
  const { users } = await seed.users((x) => x({ min: 2, max: 10 }));
  const { workspace, workspace_member } = await seed.workspace((x) => x(3, () => ({
    workspace_member: (x) => x(users.length, ({ index }) => {
      // Make the first member an admin and the rest members
      const wtype = index === 0 ? workspace_user_type.find((wut) => wut.type === "admin") : workspace_user_type.find((wut) => wut.type === "member");
      return {
        workspace_user_type: (ctx) => ctx.connect(wtype!)
      };
    })
  }), 
  { connect: { users }}));
```

### Conclusion

> Whether you use path connections for simplicity, plan connections for specific scenarios, global connections for shared configurations, or field connections for fine-grained control, you can efficiently seed your database with meaningful and correctly related data. By understanding and applying these connection strategies, you can ensure your seed data accurately represents the relational

Reviewer: It looks like this didn't end. Maybe something like this was meant?

```suggestion
Whether you use path connections for simplicity, plan connections for specific scenarios, global connections for shared configurations, or field connections for fine-grained control, you can efficiently seed your database with meaningful and correctly related data. By understanding and applying these connection strategies, you can ensure your seed data accurately represents the relationships in your database.
```
